Docs: callback reentrancy (#481)
webgpu-native/webgpu-headers: doc/articles/Asynchronous Operations.md

## Callback Reentrancy {#CallbackReentrancy}

There are three cases of async/callback re-entrancy:

- Calls to the API are nested inside non-spontaneous callbacks (those with @ref WGPUCallbackMode_WaitAnyOnly or @ref WGPUCallbackMode_AllowProcessEvents). Such callbacks always happen in @ref wgpuInstanceWaitAny() or @ref wgpuInstanceProcessEvents().
    - This does not introduce any unsafety. Implementations are required to exit critical sections before invoking callbacks.
    - This includes making nested calls to @ref wgpuInstanceWaitAny() and @ref wgpuInstanceProcessEvents(). (However, beware of overflowing the call stack!)
- Calls to the API are nested inside @ref WGPUCallbackMode_AllowSpontaneous callbacks, which may happen at any time (during a `webgpu.h` function call or on an arbitrary thread).

>     - It is therefore always unsafe to make calls to the API in a @ref WGPUCallbackMode_AllowSpontaneous callback. Additionally, applications should take extra care even when accessing their *own* state (and locks) inside the callback.

Reviewer: Do you think "always unsafe" would be too pessimistic? I'm wondering if we could say "potentially unsafe"? (Mainly I'm thinking about `getMappedRange` calls in `MapAsync` callback which would be nice to use in spontaneous mode)

Author: I prefer "always unsafe" to avoid tempting too much questioning of _when_ it's safe. That said, am I remembering correctly that it's never really _unsafe_, it's just that it can cause a self-deadlock if it tries to take a lock that's already held on the same thread?

Also, for GetMappedRange maybe we could specifically document that it's safe to call in any callback (or at least in `BufferMap` and `OnSubmittedWorkDone`). That would require the implementation to guarantee either of the following:
- said callbacks won't called spontaneously while holding any lock that GetMappedRange needs
- GetMappedRange doesn't take any locks (it probably doesn't need them, it just needs an atomic)

```suggestion
    - Therefore, calls to the API should never be made in @ref WGPUCallbackMode_AllowSpontaneous callbacks, except where otherwise noted, due to the possibility of self-deadlock.
      Additionally, applications should take extra care even when accessing their *own* state (and locks) inside the callback.
```

Reviewer: The suggestion LGTM!

    - This includes @ref WGPUDeviceDescriptor::uncapturedErrorCallbackInfo, which is always allowed to fire spontaneously.

> - Two threads are doing things in parallel and so calls to the API are made while callbacks (or API functions in general) are running on another thread.

Reviewer: nit in parallel and so calls -> in parallel so calls
